#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via redis
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-livereload-server
    #   ianalyzer-readers
    #   seleniumbase
behave==1.2.6
    # via seleniumbase
billiard==4.1.0
    # via celery
celery==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flower
    #   pytest-celery
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   nltk
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
cryptography==41.0.6
    # via
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pysaml2
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   djangosaml2
    #   pysaml2
    #   python3-openid
dj-rest-auth[with-social,with_social]==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-livereload-server
    #   django-revproxy
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangosaml2
django-allauth==0.54.0
    # via dj-rest-auth
django-livereload-server==0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-revproxy @ git+https://github.com/jazzband/django-revproxy.git@1defbb2dad5c0632391d54bcd3dbdaeabf46266a
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
djangosaml2==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
elastic-transport==8.4.0
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
elementpath==4.1.5
    # via xmlschema
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
execnet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
fasteners==0.18
    # via seleniumbase
filelock==3.13.1
    # via seleniumbase
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fst-pso==1.8.1
    # via pyfume
fuzzytm==2.0.5
    # via gensim
gensim==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   wsproto
humanize==4.9.0
    # via flower
ianalyzer-readers==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.3.1
    # via celery
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
language-data==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ianalyzer-readers
marisa-trie==0.7.8
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   seleniumbase
miniful==0.0.6
    # via fst-pso
nltk==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fst-pso
    #   fuzzytm
    #   gensim
    #   miniful
    #   pandas
    #   pyfume
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   simpful
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ianalyzer-readers
outcome==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   seleniumbase
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fuzzytm
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via
    #   behave
    #   seleniumbase
pdbp==1.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
pillow==10.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via seleniumbase
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.11.0
    # via seleniumbase
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyfume==0.2.25
    # via fuzzytm
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via django-allauth
pynose==1.4.8
    # via seleniumbase
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via pysaml2
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via rdflib
pypdf2==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pysaml2==7.3.1
    # via djangosaml2
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-ordering
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-celery==0.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-html==2.0.1
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-metadata==3.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-rerunfailures==12.0
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-xdist==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
    #   pysaml2
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   flower
    #   pandas
    #   pysaml2
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via ianalyzer-readers
redis==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via nltk
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   pysaml2
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   seleniumbase
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
rich==13.5.2
    # via seleniumbase
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
sbvirtualdisplay==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   fuzzytm
    #   gensim
    #   miniful
    #   pyfume
    #   scikit-learn
    #   simpful
selenium==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
seleniumbase==4.17.13
    # via -r requirements.in
simpful==2.11.0
    # via pyfume
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   behave
    #   django-livereload-server
    #   isodate
    #   langdetect
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
    #   seleniumbase
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via gensim
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   seleniumbase
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
tabcompleter==1.2.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   seleniumbase
textdistance==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   django-livereload-server
    #   flower
tqdm==4.66.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
trio==0.22.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.3
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   kombu
    #   pypdf2
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   pandas
urllib3[socks]==1.26.16
    # via
    #   django-revproxy
    #   elastic-transport
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
wheel==0.41.2
    # via seleniumbase
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
xmlschema==2.4.0
    # via pysaml2

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
