#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via seleniumbase
behave==1.2.6
    # via seleniumbase
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
chardet==5.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
colorama==0.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
execnet==2.0.2
    # via
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
fasteners==0.18
    # via seleniumbase
filelock==3.13.1
    # via seleniumbase
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   wsproto
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   seleniumbase
outcome==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   seleniumbase
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
parse==1.19.1
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via
    #   behave
    #   seleniumbase
pdbp==1.4.6
    # via seleniumbase
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via seleniumbase
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   seleniumbase
py==1.11.0
    # via seleniumbase
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   rich
    #   seleniumbase
pynose==1.4.8
    # via seleniumbase
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via seleniumbase
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-ordering
    #   pytest-rerunfailures
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-html==2.0.1
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-metadata==3.0.0
    # via
    #   pytest-html
    #   seleniumbase
pytest-ordering==0.6
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-rerunfailures==12.0
    # via seleniumbase
pytest-xdist==3.3.1
    # via seleniumbase
requests==2.31.0
    # via seleniumbase
rich==13.5.2
    # via seleniumbase
sbvirtualdisplay==1.2.0
    # via seleniumbase
selenium==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seleniumbase
seleniumbase==4.17.13
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   behave
    #   parse-type
    #   seleniumbase
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   seleniumbase
tabcompleter==1.2.1
    # via
    #   pdbp
    #   seleniumbase
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
trio==0.22.2
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.3
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
urllib3[socks]==1.26.16
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   seleniumbase
wheel==0.41.2
    # via seleniumbase
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   seleniumbase
    #   trio-websocket

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
