People & Parliament is a prototype of a comparative interface of digitised plenary parliamentary debates from several Northwest European countries. It has been constructed by the Academy of Finland Professor (AP) Project Political Representation: Tensions between Parliament and the People from the Age of Revolutions to the 21st Century (2021-2026, see [project decription](https://www.jyu.fi/hytk/fi/laitokset/hela/en/research/political-representation)) at the University of Jyväskylä, Finland, in cooperation with the Digital Humanities Lab of Utrecht University, The Netherlands. The construction has been based a dialogue between state-of-the-art text-mining techniques of the early 2020s and research in political history with a particular emphasis on comparative conceptual history.

Data in the interface has been collected from a number of national sources and its quality varies from datasets in almost immediately research-ready state to ones that need extensive processing. Remaining quality problems are due to OCR errors, differing data structures and the availability of metadata. The AP project has not been able to solve all these issues on behalf of national institutions. It has not been possible to apply a unified data model for all the various national datasets, and each has hence been handled individually. Our recommendation is that the different corpora are primarily analysed in their national contexts and relative term frequencies from different countries, for instance, are not directly compared.

Currently People & Parliament contains plenary parliamentary debates from the following countries: Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and the United Kingdom. We are grateful for research partners that have made parts of the data available to us in an enriched form.
